SDK-1005: yoti hub rename (#73)
getyoti/yoti-python-sdk: README.md

## An Architectural View

Before you start your integration, here is a bit of background on how the integration works. To integrate your application with Yoti, your back-end must expose a GET endpoint that Yoti will use to forward tokens.

> The endpoint can be configured in the Yoti Hub when you create/update your application. For more information on how to create an application please check our [developer page](https://www.yoti.com/developers/documentation/#login-button-setup).

Reviewer: This is slightly different now that we've moved the documentation, I'll make a ticket to look through the SDKs to check these links
```suggestion
The endpoint can be configured in the Yoti Hub when you create/update your application. For more information on how to create an application please check our [developer page](https://developers.yoti.com/yoti-app-integration/yoti-app-integration#step-3-front-end-integration).
```

origin_server_certs = source_anchor.origin_server_certs
```

> If you have chosen `Verify Condition` on the [Yoti Hub](https://hub.yoti.com/applications) with the age condition of "Over 18", you can retrieve the user information as follows:

Reviewer 2: I think `/applications` behaves differently for organisations - I changed this to just `https://hub.yoti.com` in other SDKs - thoughts @echarrod ?

Reviewer: Yep, `/applications` is personal applications, let's drop it

> If you have chosen `Verify Condition` on the [Yoti Hub](https://hub.yoti.com/applications) with the age condition of "Over 18", you can retrieve the user information as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
If you have chosen `Verify Condition` on the [Yoti Hub](https://hub.yoti.com) with the age condition of "Over 18", you can retrieve the user information as follows:
```

* Fraud list - Verify against  US Social Security Administration Fraud (SSN Fraud) list
* Watch list - Verify against watch lists from the Office of Foreign Assets Control

> To use this functionality you must ensure your application is assigned to your Organisation in the Yoti Hub - please see [here](https://www.yoti.com/developers/documentation/#1-creating-an-organisation) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this functionality you must ensure your application is part of an Organisation in the Yoti Hub - please see [here](https://developers.yoti.com/yoti-app-integration/yoti-app-integration#step-1-creating-an-organisation) for further information.
```

## Running the Examples

> From the [Yoti Hub](https://hub.yoti.com/applications):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the [Yoti Hub](https://hub.yoti.com):
```
